README.md, before:

# Simple Route53 Dynamic DNS Cron 

This repository holds a simple express server that can be spun up to run the node module [simple-route53-ddns](https://github.com/pejulian/simple-route53-ddns) that will fetch the public IP address of the current network it is running on and update it in the relevant "A" record in Route53 for the specified AWS account.

My use case for this server is for it to be run within a TrueNAS (FreeBSD) jail via `crontab` to keep my public ip address updated against my FQDN in AWS Route53.

## Usage

Fork the repository and create a `.env` file in the root directory with the following variables:

```bash
PORT=3000
HOSTED_ZONE_ID=Z01234567ABCDEFGH1XYZ
DOMAIN_NAME=nas.foo-bar.xyz
IAM_PROFILE=user-iam
REGION=ap-antartica-1
TTL=60
CRON_EXP=*/30 * * * *
```

_Remember to replace the sample values with actual values according to your setup_

`CRON_EXP` wil be used by `node-cron` to schedule a callback that invokes the script to update the record set in Route53 with the public IP address of the current network. Set it to an expression that [makes sense](https://crontab.guru/every-1-hour) and does not cause your IP to get banned. In the example above, the schedule is set to run once every 30 minutes of every day of the year.

> `CRON_EXP` must be a valid cron expression

> `DOMAIN_NAME` must be a valid FQDN that is being managed in a Hosted Zone on Route53

> `IAM_PROFILE` must be properly configured IAM User on your machine (configured via AWS CLI)

Understand more about these values by reading the [README](https://github.com/pejulian/simple-route53-ddns/blob/master/README.md) for the node module that this server will invoke.

Once everything is setup, run `npm start` to manually start the server.


## Run at startup

Create a simple startup shell script (i.e. `startup-script.sh`) that navigates to the repo directory and run `npm start`:

```bash
#! /bin/sh
cd /root/simple-route53-ddns-cron
npm run start
```

Then create an entry in `/etc/crontab` that will run the script on every reboot:

```bash
@reboot root /path/to/repo/startup-script.sh
```

This will startup `nodemon` and subsequently the `expressjs` server that will schedule the `cron` to run at the predefined timeslots.

## Troubleshooting

In FreeBSD, run `sockstat -4 -l` to view running ports. The default server port set for the expressjs server is `1337`. You should see this port listed in the output of that command. This indicates that the express server is running.

Commit message:

Updates to support multiple domain names

README.md, after:

# Simple Route53 Dynamic DNS Cron 

This repository holds a simple express server that can be spun up to run the node module [simple-route53-ddns](https://github.com/pejulian/simple-route53-ddns) that will fetch the public IP address of the current network it is running on and update it in the relevant "A" record in Route53 for the specified AWS account.

My use case for this server is for it to be run within a TrueNAS (FreeBSD) jail via `crontab` to keep my public ip address updated against my FQDN in AWS Route53.

## Usage

Fork the repository and create a `.env` file in the root directory with the following variables:

```bash
PORT=3000
HOSTED_ZONE_ID=Z01234567ABCDEFGH1XYZ
DOMAIN_NAMES=nas.foo-bar.xyz,a.b.c,x.y.z
IAM_PROFILE=user-iam
REGION=ap-antartica-1
TTL=60
CRON_EXP=*/30 * * * *
```

_Remember to replace the sample values with actual values according to your setup_

`CRON_EXP` wil be used by `node-cron` to schedule a callback that invokes the script to update the record set in Route53 with the public IP address of the current network. Set it to an expression that [makes sense](https://crontab.guru/every-1-hour) and does not cause your IP to get banned. In the example above, the schedule is set to run once every 30 minutes of every day of the year.

> `CRON_EXP` must be a valid cron expression

> `DOMAIN_NAMES` must be a valid FQDN that is being managed in a Hosted Zone on Route53. Multiple domain names can be supplied by a comma delimited string

> `IAM_PROFILE` must be properly configured IAM User on your machine (configured via AWS CLI)

Understand more about these values by reading the [README](https://github.com/pejulian/simple-route53-ddns/blob/master/README.md) for the node module that this server will invoke.

Once everything is setup, run `npm start` to manually start the server.


## Run at startup

Create a simple startup shell script (i.e. `startup-script.sh`) that navigates to the repo directory and run `npm start`:

```bash
#! /bin/sh
cd /root/simple-route53-ddns-cron
npm run start
```

Then create an entry in `/etc/crontab` that will run the script on every reboot:

```bash
@reboot root /path/to/repo/startup-script.sh
```

This will startup `nodemon` and subsequently the `expressjs` server that will schedule the `cron` to run at the predefined timeslots.

## Troubleshooting

In FreeBSD, run `sockstat -4 -l` to view running ports. The default server port set for the expressjs server is `1337`. You should see this port listed in the output of that command. This indicates that the express server is running.
